https://whispersystems.org/blog/rss.xml +security
http://www.thoughtworks.com/rss/insights.xml +tech
http://news.ycombinator.com/rss +tech
http://techblog.netflix.com/rss.xml +tech
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdot +tech
http://rss.packetstormsecurity.org/news/ +security
http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/.rss +news
http://www.reddit.com/r/springsource/.rss +lang
http://www.reddit.com/r/java/.rss +lang
http://www.reddit.com/r/golang/.rss +lang
http://www.reddit.com/r/rust/.rss +lang
http://www.reddit.com/r/security/.rss +lang

https://github.com/blog/all.atom +produktNews
http://slackhq.com/rss +produktNews
http://blog.bittorrent.com/category/engineering/feed/ +produktNews
http://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml +lang
http://www.reddit.com/r/rust +lang
http://ruby.awsblog.com/blog/feed/recentPosts.rss +tech

http://kief.com/atom.xml +people
http://martinfowler.com/feed.atom +people
http://erik.doernenburg.com/feed/ +people
http://www.russmiles.com/1/feed +people

http://hak5.org/feed +video

http://www.johnmaxwell.com/rss/ +leadership
http://microservices.io/feed.xml

https://firstlook.org/theintercept/feed/?rss
https://blog.torproject.org/blog/feed

http://feeds.feedburner.com/AmazonWebServicesBlog
http://www.awsarchitectureblog.com/atom.xml
https://blog.twitter.com/api/blog.rss?name=engineering
https://code.facebook.com/posts/rss
http://www.codingthearchitecture.com/rss.xml

http://www.javacodegeeks.com/feed/
http://techblog.realestate.com.au/feed/
https://www.inovex.de/de/rss/?type=200
